Welcome to Vid CS, where you can add some caption to your video files.
How it works:  in 3 main steps.
step 1 :  Send your video and the parameters by mail.
step 2 :  Pay half the total amount.
finally, step 3 :  Receive your videos with caption by mail.
If some update need to be made, send them and later you will get the updated video.
If not, pay the other half of the amount.
Like I said, you can add some caption to your videos files
but what are captions?
Captions are the text you see on a video, most time in the bottom.
Even if they are almost like subtitles,  they have some differences.
We will see why,  later on this video.
Captions come in two forms: closed and open caption.
Closed caption can be turned on/off by this button. On the Other hand
subtitles are almost like Captions, but the differences are:
captions are mostly used for deaf or hard of hearing people.
subtitles assume viewers can hear and,  mostly used when the viewer does not speak the language in the video.
so why use them?
For open caption: help deaf people to understand the video. Useful when the viewer is in a noisy environment.
For closed caption: they can be turned on/off, because it's not always we like to see them on the screen.
and it Helps improve your ranking on Google and YouTube.
for subtitle: it's all about the language.
What about Pricing?
there are two mode for Pricing: Normal and advanced mode.
in Normal mode, there will be everything that is said in the video
even things like stutters, repetitions or false starts.
in advanced mode,  there won't be those and it will be well-organized
the names of the speakers are included.
Here is an example. We have a discussion between Oliver Queen and Johnny Depp.
you will see the result of each mode here.
Now for Normal mode, it's 1€, advanced 1.5 €
and for subtitle or translation in other language, French or English, it will be 2€.
For more about Pricing, you can go on the Pricing part of this page.
Well, that's it on VidCS.